[TT-15674] Extend pumps config with ca cert option (#941)
TykTechnologies/tyk-pump: README.md

- `meta_data`: Can be used to set custom metadata inside the kafka message
- `ssl_cert_file`: Can be used to set custom certificate file for authentication with kafka.

> - `ssl_key_file`: Can be used to set custom key file for authentication with kafka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ssl_key_file`: Path to the PEM file with Tyk's private key for authentication with the Kafka server.
```
